and then youtube people today I will show
for you how do you download bellfield
bad company 2 for computer all
links that are being shown here only
then the video description the first
of all you will enter the site of
beta torrents will download battlefield
here is 2 25 alternative linkin magnet
clicking on this link you will be
directed to this page of the
pirate bay is explained hitch seen before
for the game download and after you downloaded
you are going to download what was the son of
crack online by a reader
edson click get stoned think
also awakens in the link
Because you did it, you new games.
the entire description of the video and will
click here tonight gives to download
the battlefield comb
After you've done that we'll start
install the game
click on the post for the wire through the field
Let's fill the field that the fifth time
all the tools in this video lesson
in the video description on hardware mounted
his team he assemble images later
mounted click high run long or
if you are on windows 7 you will see
My computer will appear in a cyclone.
that releases the child
choose your language is click
install between yes
if it appears to run like the old one
administrator let's wait for the installation
of unex accepts the terms of use of
vicenzo accepted again next next de
new and gives an install
now I'll pose here when I go
finish installing I'll be back
good folks showed up here, he said
that I try in another indication of an ok
now it 's the booster point
This is important, you give a fit.
so the water is good to lower it
here too and now wait for him
will verify it closed all right
now we go to the ped of the games
will come here in this little folder you create
a new folder happens here I grew up here
o pfdc 2 or extracting it is in it that your
talk he stayed here and I'm going to click
here to extract there after that came back
after here in the video to show more
wise
Good guys now that you've clicked
here in the folder
It's strange a folder like this, bfbc2
You did not have to create grass on Opel.
fds 2p else you will copy the folder and
Come on, where you installed the game, I'll click.
any folder that even
It's enough that I'm going straight to the place
disks and x86 program files
electronic arts and put the folder here
in the game do not continue
good staff now that underwent
patient butterfield we're going to click
with the right button
let's click and run as
administrator and only waits to load the
file now
the way that this file is here
very large
good people now that you are
administrator is that those who run it
When, as an administrator, the Fed goes there.
to be born is only part hopes
are these compacted
I'm going to take a break again because it's very
great
Good guys, after that, it's going to start.
this verification was spoken here
its version is 55 while 555 9579 is here
you from rs
here that part I consider the part
more time consuming than the game that is more
pause and
well after that guys will show up
here if you want to open the game you
Please click and not now let's do this.
come on the fashion site that is in
giving the video description
You will click on download and they will
click here to download a man project
client
There will open one will enter the mega here
In the mega you will click here or 537
down a little a second down
wait for him to download and let's add
he in the attack I win I will be there
let's add it in the game folder
because without him you do not play online
no way have I shown in the
work gets easier for work
We 're going so soon against
cut it crosses the channel used in the
game ownership continue
now that he's here you 're going to
create an account that helped the bride
Let's give an innovative site up here.
will have login and registration
click on register click here
I accept the terms and they will put your
name
The time in Brazil is your language and
English even here a question that
will use in their new tractor cbt written
here and will answer later the team and
confirmed your account and not always
After that, I think it's all right, she
Was the game over?
The pet in the hornets now I'm going to stop the
here I'll start recording with the
flex I'll show you the game
is always running in sleep mode.
online and campaign mode and virtually
the whole original game